Adding Edge support mention in README and package.json + Bitbucket support in README (#22)
gitpod-io/browser-extension: README.md

# Gitpod Browser extension
[![Setup Automated](https://img.shields.io/badge/setup-automated-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/gitpod-io/browser-extension)

> This is the browser extension for Gitpod, supporting Chrome ([Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki/)), Edge (since it supports Chrome extensions, [see how](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4538971/microsoft-edge-add-or-remove-extensions)) and Firefox ([Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gitpod/)). It adds a **Gitpod** button to the configured GitHub, GitLab and BitBucket installations (defaults to domains containing `github.com`, `gitlab.com` or `bitbucket.org`) which directly creates a workspace for that context:

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
This is the browser extension for Gitpod. It supports Chrome (see [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki/)), Firefox (see [Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gitpod/)) and Edge (see [how to install Chrome extensions](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4538971/microsoft-edge-add-or-remove-extensions)), and adds a **Gitpod** button to the configured GitLab, GitHub and Bitbucket installations (defaults to `gitlab.com`, `github.com` and `bitbucket.org`) which immediately creates a Gitpod workspace for the current Git context:
```
